[core] Backport to PMD6 changes to accomodate PicoCli in PMD7 (#4161)
pmd/pmd: docs/pages/pmd/userdocs/cli_reference.md

    {% include custom/cli_option_row.html options="--help,-h,-H"
               description="Display help on usage."
    %}
    {% include custom/cli_option_row.html options="--use-version"
               option_arg="lang-version"

>                description="The language version PMD should use when parsing source code.
>                             <p>Values are in the format of *language-version*.</p>
>                             <p>This option can be repeated to configure multiple languages to be analyzed during a single run</p>
>                             <p>See also [Supported Languages](#supported-languages).</p>"

Reviewer: I think this should clarify that it doesn't change anything how languages are assigned to files, as that still works by extension only (or `--force-language`).
```suggestion
               description="The specific language version PMD should use when parsing source code for a given language.
                            <p>Values are in the format of *language-version*.</p>
                            <p>This option can be repeated to configure several languages for the same run.</p>
                            <p>Note that this option does not change how languages are assigned to files.
                            It only changes something if the project you analyze contains some files that PMD detects as the given language.
                            Language detection is only influenced by file extensions and the `--force-language` option.</p>
                            <p>See also [Supported Languages](#supported-languages).</p>"
```
